Add more text modifiers for CanvasRenderingContext2D (#23)
GoogleChromeLabs/puppy-content: content/en-US/api/fontKerning.md

---
recipe: api-interface
title: 'CanvasRenderingContext2D.fontKerning'
mdn_url: /en-US/docs/Web/API/CanvasRenderingContext2D/fontKerning
specifications: [[specURL]]#[[HeadingAnchor]]
browser_compatibility: api.CanvasRenderingContext2D.fontKerning
---

**When this feature ships, the content below will live on MDN under
[developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CanvasRenderingContext2D/fontKerning](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CanvasRenderingContext2D/fontKerning).**

## Description

The `fontKerning` property of the `CanvasRenderingContext2D` interface 

> allows developers to set whether to use the kerning information storedin a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
allows developers to set whether to use the kerning information stored in a 
```

font. Kerning defines how letters are spaced. In well-kerned fonts, this 

> feature makes character spacing more uniform and pleasant to read than it

Reviewer: Should this say the appearance of uniformity? Uniform spacing is the definition of a monospaced font.

would otherwise be. 

This is illustrated in the image below. The top images turns the kerning off and 
the bottom turns the kerning on. The default value is `"auto"`.

> ![picture](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/da/Kerning_EN.svg/1200px-Kerning_EN.svg.png)

Reviewer: This is good for the interim. MDN has a way to do live demos. We should use that when this graduates.

Author: So I will remove this picture and add some live demos later.

Reviewer: Have you done this yet? MDN has a required way to do this. I wouldn't want you to do work for something MDN won't use.

Reviewer: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/MDN/Contribute/Howto/Convert_code_samples_to_be_live

Author: Thank you! I haven't try it yet. I plan to do it after we officially launch this in chrome. 

so this counts as a "EmbedLiveSample"? Could you give me some examples of how other people did it?

## Syntax

`CanvasRenderingContext2D.fontKerning = "auto" || "normal" || "none"`

> `var fontKerning = CanvasRenderingContext2D.fontKerning`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`CanvasRenderingContext2D.fontKerning = fontKerning;`
`var fontKerning = CanvasRenderingContext2D.fontKerning;`
```

Reviewer: Syntax description on MDN look more like real JS than any formal syntax language.

Author: I copied this syntax from the following pages:
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/CanvasRenderingContext2D/textAlign
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/CanvasRenderingContext2D/direction

So we don't need to give the options here? I will do this for all pages.

Reviewer: >So we don't need to give the options here?

Correct

### Value

A `string` representing the current `fontKerning` value. Possible value are:

> #### Options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: corrected.

`"auto"`
The browser determines whether font kerning should be used or not. For example, 
some browsers will disable kerning on small fonts, since applying it could harm the 
readability of text.

`"normal"`

> Font kerning information stored in the font must be applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applies font kerning information stored in the font.
```

Reviewer: Puts the most import information at the front. This also changes the voice from passive to active.

Author: updated.

`"none"`

> Font kerning information stored in the font is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disables font kerning information stored in the font.
```

Author: updated.

---
recipe: api-interface
title: 'CanvasRenderingContext2D.fontKerning'
mdn_url: /en-US/docs/Web/API/CanvasRenderingContext2D/fontKerning
specifications: [[specURL]]#[[HeadingAnchor]]
browser_compatibility: api.CanvasRenderingContext2D.fontKerning
---

> 

Reviewer 2: Extra whitespace?

**When this feature ships, the content below will live on MDN under
[developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CanvasRenderingContext2D/fontKerning](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CanvasRenderingContext2D/fontKerning).**

## Description

The `fontKerning` property of the `CanvasRenderingContext2D` interface allows 

> the developers to set whether to use of the kerning information stored in a 

Reviewer 2: "allows the developers to set whether to use of the kerning information stored" should be
"allows developers to set whether to use the kerning information stored"

font. Kerning defines how letters are spaced. In well-kerned fonts, this 
feature makes character spacing more uniform and pleasant to read than it
would otherwise be. 

> It's illustrated in the image below. The left image turns the kerning off and 

Reviewer 2: "It's illustrated" -> "This is illustrated"

Author: done

the right image turns the kerning on. The default value is `"auto"`.

> ![picture](font-kerning.png)

Reviewer 2: Looks like this image doesn't exist?

Author: weird, i attached a picture file in the same directory, file name: content/en-US/api/font-kerning.png. It works in my local directory.

## Syntax

`CanvasRenderingContext2D.fontKerning = "auto" || "normal" || "none"`
`var fontKerning = CanvasRenderingContext2D.fontKerning`

### Value

A `string` representing the current `fontKerning` value. Possible value are:

#### Options
`"auto"`
The browser determines whether font kerning should be used or not. For example, 
some browsers will disable kerning on small fonts, since applying it could harm the 
readability of text.

`"normal"`
Font kerning information stored in the font must be applied.

`"none"`
Font kerning information stored in the font is disabled.

## Example

> This example demonstrates the various `TextLetterSpacing` property values.

Reviewer 2: Do you mean `fontKerning`

Author: yea~i made these files from the first description file. Updated.
